everyone what's going on TDM aka mr.
Joker 604 represent this is a shadow to
girl that tried to buy an apple product
listen sweetheart don't take it very
personally you know what there's a bunch
of fucking idiots out there and apples
clearly being one of them okay I saw
your story on the news and I jumped on
this right away as soon as I can I'm
actually recording this from an apple
phone just to make it that much more
impactful what happened was for those
who don't know a female iranian girl
same same race as me persian went to an
apple store in the states and try to
purchase a lap up or whatever she wanted
to buy with other uncle whoever might be
they were speaking Farsi to each other
in the store and the person working
there the geek that works there fucking1
up to them and told them that they are
not allowed buying this product because
they are speaking Farsi because they are
from Iran and they are purchase I don't
know what the fuck generation we're
involved with I don't know what year it
is i think it's 2012 its name fucking
this period of racism or surpassed that
we're fucking past that to a point
that's some racist shit right there okay
that's not normal man honestly Farsi
anything for c4 she's like the most like
calm like Middle Eastern language out
there man I would be more freaked out or
if they're speaking Arabic and farsi how
does this person even know how does even
fucking up the courage to go up to lady
and ask her are you Persian like who the
fuck are you none of your business don't
fucking ask me will raise my ass for
fucking raise your glass how much your
minimum wages at Apple to ask you how
much Jesse clean between those fucking
keyboards the imax so do i do I ask your
other shit no I don't none of your
business man simple as that it's racist
stuff gotta stop Apple your fucking
pushing yourself in a big hole I'm gonna
tell you one thing I'm from Vancouver
and this is in Canada if you don't know
there's tons of Persians here man and
every one of them has your product for
what you just did you just fucked
yourself man and person's got money man
I'm telling you we make money dude I
don't think there's any fucking Persian
bombs out there if there's a persian
bomb out there smoking fucking a lot of
opium or some shit that's because the
fucking idiot disgrace to our race ok so
you're fucking idiot Apple way to fuck
yourself over and to my Persians it's
just stupid how the sanction shit's
going on for so long we're actually a
peaceful country we haven't bombed any
country in fucking
I don't think years we haven't done
anything to cause any problems we've had
a fucking a bunch of presidents that are
naming to do anything but who doesn't
are you fucking kidding me or are you
sitting in to the states if you're
watching this from the state are you
gonna sit there and be like call your
person's are terrorists buddy let me
tell you let me give you a little advice
here okay Persians Iranians have not
done any fucking to hurt any other
people okay they're getting a nuclear
program is because there's fucking
500,000 nukes around their fucking
country why wouldn't you why wouldn't
you were getting when to that from
united states of Israel and Israel
themselves be killed and now they're
pulling sanctions now where I can't get
apple products man like each other well
us a like seriously get your drones out
of our country get your drones out of
every country in the world stop building
drones stop killing people stop
attacking every other race out there
stop being the terrorist of the world
and stop using media to twist dumb
fucking people that sit on the couch for
the fat belly and they're ugly ass wives
to believe that Iran is actually a
terrorist country because it's not I've
been there I had the best time of my
life in around I don't know what the
fuck is fucking media bullshit is every
single time to see it rands this Iran's
that buddy I want to fucking stick my
hairy ear and nuts in your fucking mouth
and fucking jizz on your fucking
forehead that's what dumb you fucking
idiots are this kind of pissed me off
usually I'm not on this kind of temper
of heat but this has got to stop Apple
you fucked up big time and this Apple
iPhone and go right into the fucking
garbage right please